Add `beachball migrate` command for v2→v3 migration (#1237)
microsoft/beachball: docs/cli/migrate.md

---
tags:
  - cli
category: doc
---

# `migrate`

Checks your beachball config for any updates needed to migrate from v2 to v3, and logs them to the console.

```bash
beachball migrate
```

If your config is already compatible with v3, you will see:

```
No config updates are needed for v3.
```

> Otherwise, the command will list specific updates that need to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the command will list specific config updates that are needed. The command doesn't attempt to make updates directly due to the variety of locations and file types where the config can be specified.
```
